# Our Computational Photography Results

## Comparison of Our Handheld Very Low Light Results to the Great Google Night Sight

-	`*_NightSight.jpg` and `*_Ours.jpg` are Google’s and ours results, respectively. 
-	Most scenes have less than 1 lux brightness. Some have brightness of as low as 0.1 lux
- Our results tend to have less noise and more details than Google’s. In particular, the flat aeas in ours results are very clean.
- The comparison was performed to be as fair as possible
  - The same smartphone running Qualcomm Snapdragon 855 was used.
  - The same ISO and exposure time were used
  - The same number of images were used for each shot
  - 3 shots per scene were taken for each method and the best was chosen for comparison
- Our algorithm takes around 4 seconds that is comparable to Google Night Sight on Snapdragon 855
- Note that we fed our denoised RAW images to a Qualcomm ISP to generate the final images that have different white balancing and tone mapping from Google ISP. Please focus on image noise and details. 

## Comparison of Our Multi-frame Denoising to Qualcomm's MFNR
-	`*_QCOM.jpg` and `*_Ours.jpg` are Qualcomm MFNR’s and ours results, respectively.
- Our results have less noise and more details than Qualcomm’s
- Although we use Qualcomm's ISP to generate the final results, some photos have slight different tone and color due to tuning difference.


## Our Bracket HDR results 
-	Our algorithm can handle moving objects (leaves, people, cars, doors and etc.) well in most cases
-	It also handle bright areas with fine details well, e.g., windows blinds with bright outside
- Note that the results were generated by only aligning and fusing multiple photos of different exposures without going through a full ISP pipeline. As such, its white balance, contrast, sharpness and etc. are not optimum. Please focus on their tone.
